New serverless pattern - s3-guardduty-eventbridge-sns-sam (#2358)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: guardduty-malware-s3/README.md

## Deployment Instructions

1. Create a new directory, navigate to that directory in a terminal and clone the GitHub repository:
    ``` 
    git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/serverless-patterns
    ```
1. Change directory to the pattern directory:
    ```
    cd guardduty-malware-s3
    ```
1. From the command line, use AWS SAM to deploy the AWS resources for the pattern as specified in the template.yml file:
    ```
    sam deploy --guided
    ```
1. During the prompts:
    * Enter a stack name.
    * Enter the desired AWS Region.
    * Enter the name of S3 bucket to be protected.
    * Enter ENABLED or DISABLED for the option to add tags to the S3 objects after the scan ends.
    * Enter an email address to receive the GuardDuty Malware Protection Object Scan Results.
    * Allow the SAM CLI to create IAM roles with the required permissions.

    Once you have run `sam deploy --guided` mode once and saved arguments to a configuration file (samconfig.toml), you can use `sam deploy` in future to use these defaults.

1. Note the outputs from the SAM deployment process. These contain the resource names and/or ARNs which are used for testing.

> 

Reviewer: Add a step to confirm the email subscription.

Author: Thanks @ellisms. I have added a step to confirm the email subscription as suggested.

## How it works

> Once you enable Malware Protection for S3 for on a bucket, GuardDuty will automatically start scanning newly uploaded objects for potential malware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you enable Malware Protection for S3 on a bucket, GuardDuty will automatically start scanning newly uploaded objects for potential malware.
```

> After each malware scan, GuardDuty will add a tag that indicating the scan status of the uploaded S3 object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After each malware scan, GuardDuty adds a tag indicating the scan status for the object.
```

> GuardDuty adds the following predefined tags to the uploaded S3 object based on the scan status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GuardDuty adds the following predefined tags to the scanned object:
```

## Testing
1. Download the Eicar test file, a standard anti-malware test file:
    ``` 
    curl -O https://secure.eicar.org/eicar_com.zip
    ```
1. Upload the eicar file to the ScanningBucket:
    ```
    aws s3 cp eicar_com.zip s3://<YOUR_SCANNING_BUCKET>
    ```
   The uploaded S3 object is tagged with 'GuardDutyMalwareScanStatus=THREATS_FOUND'. Additionally, a notification message is delivered to your email 
   address with 'scanResultStatus=THREATS_FOUND'.
   
1. Upload a good file to the ScanningBucket:
    ```
    echo "This is a test file." > testfile.txt
    aws s3 cp testfile.txt s3://<YOUR_SCANNING_BUCKET>/
    ```
   The uploaded S3 object is tagged with 'GuardDutyMalwareScanStatus=NO_THREATS_FOUND'. Additionally, a notification message is delivered to your email 
   address with 'scanResultStatus=NO_THREATS_FOUND'.
   
## Cleanup
1. Delete all files from the S3 bucket
    
1. Delete the stack
    ```bash
    sam delete --stack-name STACK_NAME
    ```
1. Confirm the stack has been deleted
    ```bash
    aws cloudformation list-stacks --query "StackSummaries[?contains(StackName,'STACK_NAME')].StackStatus"
    ```
----

> Copyright 2023 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright 2024 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
```
